[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Our next guest
may be familiar to
many of you as he's
appeared on Gaia's "Deep Space"
and "Ancient Civilizations."
Billy Carson has spent
much of his life digging
into things hidden
from view, including
the origins of
our human species,
which of course is one
of my favorite passions
as well, which we're going to
get into in a little while.
But first, Billy, I want to
talk about you, because you
were raised in Miami.
You're in an
African-American household,
and you're a total nerd.
>>BILLY CARSON: Yeah
>>REGINA: OK, so let's talk
about your personal journey,
how that happened,
and how you were
perceived by your friends,
your family, your teachers.
They must have
totally loved you.
But--
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: Well, it was a
little tougher at first.
Initially I was born
in New York in Queens
and then, as a young child, age
of seven, moved down to Miami,
Florida to a place
called Opa-locka.
Not the most--
>>REGINA: Opa-locka.
Oompa Loompa.
>>CARSON: Well, it's got its
own Wikipedia page and not
for a good reason.
>>REGINA: Oh, what is that?
>>CARSON: Well, they built
a steel gate around the city
to keep the crime on the inside.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS]
>>CARSON: Yeah.
So it's pretty bad.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Oh, wow.
>>CARSON: Yeah, I'd sleep
on the floor at night
sometimes to prevent
you from getting shot.
>>REGINA: Because of bullets
flying through the windows?
What the heck?
Why did your parents move there?
>>CARSON: Well, you
know, it was trying
to get away from New
York and come down
here and get a fresh
start but still
were very, extremely poor.
And, you know, so
when you're poor,
you just go to
wherever you can go.
And that was the place
that they picked.
>>REGINA: It was cheap.
>>CARSON: It was cheap.
It was easy.
And thought it was going to
be a fresh start, but it was--
>>REGINA: Doesn't
sound too fresh
if you're having
to dodge bullets
in the middle of the night.
>>CARSON: Yeah, not
too fresh at all.
>>REGINA: Wow.
So you saw a fair
amount, I assume,
in your youth of misfortune.
>>CARSON: Oh, absolutely.
I mean, you know, there
were days when we would just
eat Karo syrup and toast.
That was our meal, you know?
And neighbors would come
over sometimes and feed us
and things like that.
But it was extremely rough.
It was not easy.
Two pairs of pants.
I would dye them.
I would bleach
them first and then
dye them with the $0.79
dye from the grocery store.
>>REGINA: Oh, Rit's dye, yeah.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
Rit's.
You know exactly what
I'm talking about.
>>REGINA: I used to do the same.
>>CARSON: Hey, you know.
So I would just change
the color of my pants
so it looked like I
had different colors.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: And I
would put cardboard
inside the bottom of my
shoes, because, you know,
they were so old that the
holes were underneath.
I was playing sports
and everything else,
and they were still
two sizes too small.
But that's what I had to do.
>>REGINA: So then I
assume the toes burst out,
and you got that
thing hanging through.
>>CARSON: (LAUGHING) Tore up
my knuckles and everything else
on my feet.
Yeah, it was wild.
It was pretty rough going.
>>REGINA: How many
siblings did you have?
>>CARSON: Three.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Three?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so where did
you fall in the birth order?
>>CARSON: I was the first.
I'm the oldest.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARSON: And then
much, much later I
had a fourth, a brother
that was born much later.
But it was just the
three of us initially.
>>REGINA: So with
literally bullets
whizzing by and not
enough food in your belly
and just seeing a lot of
the heavier side of life
all around you, I mean,
you couldn't escape it.
But what happened?
How did you end up having a
fascination with the sciences
and becoming a nerd
amidst all of that?
Because that's not
your common trajectory.
>>CARSON: No, it's not.
I mean, I watched everybody
going different trajectories.
But when I was very young,
I was living in this ghetto
and seeing people going
to the ice cream truck.
And I was like, we're
all poor, but they've
got money to go to the ice
cream truck and I don't like.
I'm like, how much
more poor are we?
So I came up with the
idea that I would just
sell all the little
toys that I did have.
I said, from this point forward,
I don't need toys anymore.
I would go door to door, and
I would sell toys for $0.10,
$0.05, a nickel, a penny.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>CARSON: Just to have
money in my pocket
so I can go to the ice cream
truck and feel kind of normal.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: So I did
that, and that's
when something
clicked inside of me.
And I realized that the key
to making money or the key
to helping myself and
becoming my own savior,
well, if I can find
a need and fill it.
And that's when I learned
myself at an early age like,
wow, this is where
I need to be doing.
I need to be finding ways
to help myself and not
sit around waiting for help.
>>REGINA: So you were
obviously extra resourceful.
>>CARSON: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: And you also got a
beat on something very early
on--
A, you have to help yourself.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Because no one's
going to do it for you.
>>CARSON: That's right.
>>REGINA: But along the way,
did you have certain people that
came in like little mentors or
little angels that would kind
of show up here
and there or were
you pretty much left to have to
find a lot of it on your own?
>>CARSON: Unfortunately, I had
to find a lot of it on my own,
but maybe fortunately as well.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: And my dad
was pretty strict.
You know, he had me
doing book reports
and reading a lot
from an early age.
>>REGINA: Good.
>>CARSON: I was already
reading books-books,
not like kids books, but
real books at the age of one.
>>REGINA: One?
>>CARSON: Yeah, age of one, I
was already reading real books,
novels.
>>REGINA: How is that possible?
I mean, who fostered
this in you?
That's impressive.
That's protege
material obviously.
>>CARSON: One thing I got to
give him credit for, you know,
out of a lot of other
things was he really
impressed upon us to do
these book reports every week
and read.
He would take me out in
the middle of the night
to these bars to recite the
Bible verses to his buddies
at the bars.
>>REGINA: How old were you?
>>CARSON: I was
one, two years old.
>>REGINA: So you
could barely speak.
>>CARSON: Yeah, I
was speaking very--
I was already
walking at 10 months.
>>REGINA: OK.
Yeah.
OK, It's almost like if
we do have past lives
and you had died,
you were barely cold,
and you came in with all
your knowledge from before.
>>CARSON: I came
in pretty decent.
Yeah.
I had some good brain matter
when I came back this time.
>>REGINA: Wow.
That's really impressive.
So when you say book
reports, this was something
that he had you do as a family.
It wasn't necessarily
correlating
with your schoolwork.
I mean, this was way
before all of that.
>>CARSON: Way before
all the school work.
I mean, by the time I actually
got to school in Miami,
they just said, you
can't go to kindergarten.
We've got to put
you in first grade.
You can go to the
second if you'd like.
And I said yes,
but my parents said
no, just put him in the first.
>>REGINA: Yeah, because
of emotional development
and friendships and everything.
Well, was there anything that
stands out when you were really
little-- now, this is before
you go to school, preschool--
where some of the subjects
that your dad had you
read, for example, actually
struck a chord with you?
>>CARSON: Well,
I started reading
a lot of different
books about biology.
You know?
>>REGINA: Biology at
two and three and four?
Now, that's a taskmaster.
Come on.
You could have at
least read some novels.
>>CARSON: I learned about
osmosis and things like that.
Oh, I did read a novel.
And that novel was called--
oh my god, it was one of the
greatest books I ever read.
It was "The Sea-Wolf."
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARSON: "The Sea-Wolf"
was the first novel I read.
Yeah.
Wow, you took me all
the way back just now.
>>REGINA: Wow.
OK.
So how old were you--
>>CARSON: Jack London.
>>REGINA: Jack London.
How old were you
when you read that?
>>CARSON: I think I was
about three years old
when I read that novel.
>>REGINA: And so what
struck you about it?
And this is now
the art of story,
which involves the whole
being, which is why
I love your stories so much.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
Well, the thing about
that was the fact
that this man had
to go on the ocean.
And he was kind of almost
in a way kind of alone,
kind of like how I was.
And he had to face
this tide and face
this treacherous situation, you
know, to become the sea wolf.
And it just really
stuck with me.
And it gave me the idea
and concept of perseverance
at a very early age.
>>REGINA: Were your siblings
as tenacious as you were?
>>CARSON: Yeah, my sister
and my brother, we all
had our unique talents.
My sister was a
very great athlete.
She qualified for the Olympics.
>>REGINA: In what sport?
>>CARSON: In track.
>>REGINA: Uh-huh.
>>CARSON: That was in 1980--
I'm sorry-- 1996.
And then my brother, he
was a brilliant mechanic.
I saw him literally
take a junker
that my dad brought
home, because my dad was
like a backyard mechanic.
He took a car apart with
no training, no nothing,
and put it all back together
again and turned it on.
>>REGINA: So your dad really
flipped a lot of good switches
in you even if it was
a challenging life.
What happened to him to make
him so demanding of you?
>>CARSON: Well, his mother
passed away when he was 16,
I believe.
His dad left to get a
pack of cigarettes one day
and never came home.
>>REGINA: So he was on his own.
>>CARSON: He was on
his own, you know.
So it was rough for him.
He had a rough way to go.
And he had some
issues as well, you
know, psychologically, and
kind of still does, you know.
But I guess in the
best way he could,
he tried to instill
some things in us,
and it actually did work.
>>REGINA: I love it,
because everywhere you look,
there's the possibility for
instilling something more
and hope.
>>CARSON: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: You know, and
even in what seemingly
look like hopeless
environments-- and your story
is a really beautiful
one of perseverance,
of bringing knowledge forward,
and putting pieces together.
So now let's go
into the point where
you started becoming, even
in school, kind of the nerd.
And how did that position
you in your neighborhood?
>>CARSON: Kind of tough.
Used to have to get in
fights every single day
at Rainbow Park Elementary.
>>REGINA: Why?
What happened?
>>CARSON: Well, I
didn't talk the talk
of the people in Florida.
They had this very southern
accent and a lot of slang
that I didn't know yet.
And being that I just
came from New York,
I was speaking more like a New
Yorker versus some of the words
that they were using.
I literally didn't know
what they were saying,
and they thought I was trying
to be boujee or uptight
or whatever.
And because of that, I was
always seen as an enemy
and somebody to fight.
So me my brother would get
in fights, and he would--
they would-- you know, he was
very small even though he was
only one year younger than me.
And so they would
challenge him first.
And he would tell them
that I would beat them up.
And then--
>>REGINA: Oh, boy.
The game's on.
>>CARSON: Oh my goodness.
>>REGINA: So you had a big
target on your forehead.
>>CARSON: All the time.
All the time.
>>REGINA: Yikes.
OK.
So let's talk about how it
worked for you scholastically
where you started
becoming intrigued
with science, ultimately
where you became
intrigued with
ancient civilizations.
I mean, all the way now,
you've created a space agency
and are doing very
avant-garde, futuristic work.
So where did that part
of the journey begin?
>>CARSON: Well, when
I got to the school,
one of the greatest
parts of my day
was when they would let us
go once a week to the library
at the school.
And that's when I discovered
the encyclopedias.
I hadn't been looking
at any technology.
I was just looking at
a lot of the biology
and stuff like that.
But then one day
in my backyard--
we lived close to the
Opa-locka Airport.
So I was watching
airplanes go over.
Just a little private
airport down there.
And one day, when
this thing came over,
it wasn't an actual airplane.
Now, I didn't know about aliens
or UFOs because I was a kid.
And with four channels on
the TV, black and white TV,
there wasn't anything
to make me think
about aliens I
just knew it didn't
have a fuselage, a
cockpit, and wings.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: And I said, what
in the world was that?
But then it cleared
the horizon in seconds,
which is almost impossible
for a regular plane to do.
I knew that as a kid.
It came back and
hovered above me,
and then it took off the
way that it came back inn.
And I went straight
to the school,
and I got all the Encyclopedia
Britannicas on aerospace.
And that's when I started
researching in 1977, Rainbow
Park Elementary, every single
encyclopedia I can dig down
and started going over
everything from the STS
to the different submarines
to the ballistic missiles.
I mean, I learned
it, studied it.
From that day, I
was into it heavy.
>>REGINA: Do you
believe in past lives?
>>CARSON: Yes, I do.
>>REGINA: OK, so you probably
brought some proclivities
forward.
You must have had--
I mean, obviously you had
a very scientific brain,
and your ability to go into such
deep inquiry at a young age.
So it's like, OK, so let's say
you already had a head start.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Because you're
still a young man now, OK?
So where did that
take you from there,
and how did that go
through your education?
And some of the
teachers-- you must
have been teacher's pet
in more than one case.
>>CARSON: Well, it was too easy.
I mean, I'll be honest with you.
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>CARSON: I got bored a lot.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: And I would
find myself sometimes even
helping the teacher
teach the class.
Getting straight A's
was just commonplace.
>>REGINA: In your sleep.
>>CARSON: Yeah, I came
home one day with--
I got an A minus
on one of my tests.
And because I had never
had an A minus before,
I came home crying.
And my mom goes, what's
wrong, what's wrong?
And I go, I got an A minus.
And she started laughing at me.
I thought I was going to get
in trouble for this A minus.
That's how, you know,
regimented I was with grades.
I had no clue that getting
less than an A was acceptable.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: So yes, I
was really like a nerd.
I did very well.
I excelled in
school very easily.
Even if I miss days working--
because my mom and dad
had a-- they worked
at the "Miami Herald"
delivering newspapers.
And sometimes my
mom would be sick,
and I would have
to go with my dad
and deliver newspapers from
3 o'clock in the morning
till 8:00 AM and then
go straight to school.
Or sometimes it would
be even extended periods
during the holidays, and
I'd miss a lot of school.
But I would just go
and take the tests
and pass them with no problem.
And I scored so high
on the ASVAB test
that the military came
after me for five years
after graduation.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I want
to hear about that part
because people like
you are always--
they become people of
interest to the military
and the intelligence industries.
So let's talk about that.
>>CARSON: Yeah, back then there
wasn't like an SAT or FCAT.
That's something more new.
But back then, they had
something called the ASVAB
test, and it would test you
for all different aspects
of psychology,
mathematics, and physics--
>>REGINA: Looking for kind
of extraordinary personality
traits.
>>CARSON: Correct.
And they had an eye test too.
So I didn't have eye dominance.
So that was one of the things.
So they wanted me to be a
pilot, both the Navy and the Air
Force.
And I remember even one
day just visiting my mom,
going to her house to
see how she was doing.
And the phone rings, and she
goes, oh, it's the Air Force.
They're calling for you.
I'm like, how in the world
do they know I'm even here?
That was wild.
And this is in the 1990s.
So that was like--
that just blew me away.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I mean, I'm
looking at this and thinking,
first of all, with the
kind of scores you had
and the kind of brain
you had, intellect, it
seems like it's under
utilization trying
to get you on as a pilot.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Looking
back on it, what do
you think was going on there?
>>CARSON: Well, now that I've
researched a lot of these areas
of interest--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: You know,
they get you in one way,
and then they maneuver you
to different departments
after a while.
So they get you in.
They really test you out,
see what you're all about,
see if they can really--
I hate to use the word,
but manipulate you
into certain areas
or ways of thinking
or are you on board
with them, are
you going to think the
way they think and do
what they tell you to do.
And if you can meet
those criteria,
then they'll maneuver you
into other departments,
whether it be DARPA or
top-secret departments
or who knows, secret space
programs or whatever.
>>REGINA: Right.
So what happened?
>>CARSON: Well, I just
kept running from them.
I didn't want to
be involved in it.
>>REGINA: What made
you run from them?
Did you have an innate
sense of knowing?
>>CARSON: Well,
even at that age,
I realized that, in
my personal opinion,
that there was a
lot of suffering
going on in the world.
And I believed that a
lot of the wars that
were going on even back then
were based off of capitalism.
>>REGINA: Yep.
>>CARSON: And people in $2,000
suits sending out young people
like me to go die
on the front lines,
and they were never
getting killed,
and their kids weren't
getting killed.
So why would I kill myself
for them to make a profit?
>>REGINA: No.
You were very, very
wise at a young age.
OK, so you avoided being
entrapped or ensnared
into a lifelong career with
the military or intelligence
communities, which you
would have obviously
been targeted for eventually.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: So then what
did you end up doing?
>>CARSON: So I ended up going
into sales and marketing.
And I said, you know--
I remember from the early
age, sales and marketing was
the way, because
even when I was 13,
I saved up all the money
from my newspaper route,
and I bought electronics.
I knew everything was going
to go from 8-track players
to digital radios.
So I invested with a company
called Galaxy Electronics out
of New York, and I started
buying these digital radios.
>>REGINA: How old were you?
>>CARSON: 13.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Saw the trends coming.
Of course.
[LAUGHS]
>>CARSON: And it
worked out very well.
I became one of the
largest electronics
dealers in the Tri-County area.
>>REGINA: As a kid?
>>CARSON: As a kid, yeah.
And then I literally--
I had people coming from other
counties to buy electronics
from me, everything from EQ
boosters to subwoofers and amps
and these digital car
radios with cassette decks,
the high-powered
powered cassette--
I mean, the whole thing.
I still have all my invoices.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS]
>>CARSON: And I did very well.
And then I ended up moving
out at the age of 16.
So I ran my business, moved
out, got myself a car,
and got my own
apartment and everything
and still graduated from school.
>>REGINA: OK.
So what happens after that?
We're just moving right
on through your life.
>>CARSON: I know.
After that, you
know, I decided--
well, the school
guidance counselor
never interacted with any
of us at the high school
that I was at.
Only just the very elite of
the elite football players,
but nobody else
got any attention.
They were too busy,
unfortunately,
selling drugs and having sex
with the girls at school.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: And that's really
what they were doing.
>>REGINA: And they
got all the attention.
>>CARSON: And they
eventually got
busted for what they were doing.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: Some of them, I think,
are still locked up right now.
The athletic director was
also one of the biggest drug
dealers in the county.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Sadly not an uncommon story.
>>CARSON: Right.
So I didn't have any
guidance that way as to what
I could do collegiately.
So I decided to just go out and
just become my own marketing
company and do my own thing.
And that's literally what I did.
So I started working and
developing my marketing skills,
and I started several little
different marketing companies.
By the time I got
to 1998, I realized
that the future was moving
into this internet market,
even though there was only like
15 or 20 websites at the time.
I saw the vision.
IBM had a website.
Only a few Fortune 500
companies had them.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: But I saw it, and I
said, wow, this is incredible.
And with synchronicity,
a neighbor
that lived in my community
contacted me and said--
he saw me outside a lot.
So he said, hey, I know you
have this little health care
marketing company.
Would you be
interested in letting
me make a website for that?
And I was like, sure.
I was just looking at websites.
That's the wave of the future.
He goes, I'm in college for it.
I have to do it as an intern.
So he built me a little website.
And it literally went viral
the weekend that it launched.
We sent out only 50,000 emails,
and I got 4,000 new customers
in one weekend.
>>REGINA: I mean, that's
like a dream for anyone
in today's world.
>>CARSON: Oh my god.
Because everybody wanted
to open email back then.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: There was only
a few hundred thousand
email addresses.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: And so
it was phenomenal.
And I decided to start my own
internet marketing company
and do e-commerce and
website development.
So I literally went
to the bookstore.
I would read the books
at the bookstore,
take notes, and come home.
I went to Rent-A-Center,
and I got a $19.95 a week
Packard Bell.
I used to call it
my Packard from hell
because it would
crash all the time.
2-gigabyte hard
drive on AOL dial-up.
And I started making
websites myself.
And then I came
up with a template
for mortgage companies.
And I realized with
mortgage companies,
with a service-based
industry, I just
got to change the colors
and some of the text around.
And boom, boom, boom.
So I would call out of
the Yellow Pages Monday,
Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday,
set my appointments
up for Friday.
Saturday and Sunday
do the websites.
And I was earning six
figures doing that.
>>REGINA: Oh my god.
And this was 20 years ago.
Six figures was a lot of money.
So you taught yourself code.
You taught yourself everything?
>>CARSON: I write
five coding languages.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Billy,
you're something else.
[LAUGHTER]
I don't know where you
came from and what you are,
but you are something else.
>>CARSON: I've just
been blessed, you know,
to have a good retention
and be able to see
what the future is going to be.
Eventually that company became
a multimillion-dollar dot com.
And that was the name of the
company, Dotcom Marketing
Group.
And the press releases
are still online.
I actually ended up getting
approached by a company called
Glow Bench Systems that was on
the pink sheets in the stock
market.
They needed a cash rich
company to join with them
or to emerge so that they
can go bigger with the stock
and also then a merger
and then sell it.
And they ended up selling to--
they bought me out.
And then we ended up selling
it to the Amber Alert system.
So my initial
company, my dotcom,
funded initially the
Amber Alert company.
>>REGINA: Amber Alert company.
God, this is crazy.
Obviously ice cream trucks were
no longer a challenge for you.
But how did this go down with
your family and the people
in your past?
Because sometimes you
can be either, you know,
viewed as a hero or
you can be taken down
because you're different and
you've surpassed everybody
else's--
>>CARSON: Yeah.
It gets kind of tough, I
mean, because everybody
wants something from you.
And you can't give
everything you have.
Initially I thought I could, and
I was giving, giving, giving.
And I realized I'm
giving away too much now.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: I've still got
to survive and live myself.
And there's got to be a point
where you've got to say no.
And so when you
start saying no, you
run into a lot of animosity,
hate, and issues and problems
and so forth.
People are, why can't you
do, why can't-- you know.
You got to realize, if
I do this for everybody,
I have nothing left for myself.
>>REGINA: That is a problem
of wealth, especially
newly created wealth.
How did it go down
with your family?
>>CARSON: Well, you know,
I've been alienated from some.
I stepped back myself.
I alienated myself.
I stepped back a little bit.
And I will only go back for
different times of the year
and so forth and so on.
I help people when I possibly
can, especially the closer--
you know, family, like
your initial family.
But it wasn't that easy.
Just being honest with you.
Everybody expects me to
always-- when something happens
in family, like there's an
issue that needs money--
>>REGINA: You're
going to pay for it.
>>CARSON: I'm going to pay.
And it's automatically
assumed that will be the case.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
OK, so now you're
still quite young.
>>CARSON: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: OK, when
this buyout happened,
how old are you by this time?
>>CARSON: In that time,
I think I was in my 20s.
>>REGINA: You were in your 20s.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
So progress on.
>>CARSON: Well, I've had kids.
My high school sweetheart, we
actually had a kid together.
We ended up getting married.
We ended up going our separate
ways right at the time
that all this was happening,
not because of any issues
or problems.
It just was-- it was
the right thing to do.
So we got together
because she got pregnant.
But I ended up
meeting somebody else
and getting married again and
raising a total of five kids.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARSON: And we lived
a very, very good life.
I've done things with
them that I never
could have done as my own kid--
as a kid myself I would say.
I mean, I remember
waking them up
in middle of a Saturday
morning and saying,
hey, just get up, get dressed.
We're going to get on the plane.
Don't bring any clothes.
We'll buy clothes
when we get there.
>>REGINA: Oh my gosh.
Every little kid's dream.
>>CARSON: Oh yeah.
You know, we'll just
fly to Busch Gardens
or fly to the
Bahamas or whatever.
And so they had a
really good life.
I was heavily
involved with them.
I took seven years
off, and I just
invested all my time
and energy to coaching,
which is why I became
known as Coach Billy.
>>REGINA: Oh!
That's wonderful.
>>CARSON: All the volunteers,
all their schools,
all the sporting programs,
AAU, eventually from AAU even
to the US Junior Olympics--
>>REGINA: Love it.
>>CARSON: --Team USA coach.
I'm still a registered
Team USA coach right now.
>>REGINA: So you
really gave them
everything that
every child would
love to have by way
of encouragement,
opportunity, even resources.
>>CARSON: Everything.
>>REGINA: They had it all.
>>CARSON: They had it all.
They knew that they
couldn't screw up
because I was going to be right
there at their school anyway
volunteering.
So I mean, I was
everywhere they went.
Even at the YMCA, I helped
fund the YMCA in West Broward
so they would have a
facility to play at.
So when you walk
in there, my name
is on the giant granite
wall as a founding member,
the rock climbing wall room.
I really gave back a lot.
And then I put a lot
of energy into helping
underprivileged children
get the opportunity
to go to college
and play sports.
And through that effort,
it was almost $12 million
in funding for
college scholarships
for girls' basketball.
>>REGINA: Good for you.
>>CARSON: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Now we start
moving toward where
you are at this moment.
>>CARSON: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
So then through all of that,
I was still doing my research.
And--
>>REGINA: Did you stay intrigued
with the notion of flying
devices that didn't appear to
be anything of Earth origin?
>>CARSON: Oh yeah.
>>REGINA: So that remained
a peak interest of yours.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
Nonstop.
I mean, I had telescopes
and everything else.
And I was always looking for
these things to come back.
And I didn't see
any until recently.
But during that
process, unfortunately
the wife that I had at
the time, it scared her.
And I can understand it.
The stuff that I
was really into--
>>REGINA: It's outside the box.
>>CARSON: It's outside the box.
And it's not the average thing.
>>REGINA: Did you have people
from agencies or anything kind
of tracking you or watching
you during this time
or had you gone off the radar?
>>CARSON: I think I
was off the radar.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARSON: If they were,
I didn't know about it.
>>REGINA: OK.
Just checking in there.
OK.
>>CARSON: But what
happened was when
I did build this website called
Survive Pole Shifts, because I
really-- after doing
a lot of research,
I came to the conclusion that
we had pole shifts in the past.
This is why Antarctica
is where it's at
and why animals
still have undigested
food in their bellies.
And I came to the
conclusion that we
were going to have another one
probably within the next 200
years or so.
So I started researching
that very heavily,
and I made a website about it.
And that kept
getting hacked down.
And then I started a mobile
app development company
around that time.
And the app was getting taken
down from Apple and also from,
at that time, Android.
It wasn't Google Play yet.
And they couldn't give me any
answers why that was happening.
So I backed off on it
for a little while,
and I just kept doing my own
private research for a few more
years, you know, and just
keeping it under wraps.
But it definitely
affected my relationship.
Between that and all the
coaching, it was just like,
she didn't have enough QT.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
Exactly.
>>CARSON: So we ended up
going our separate ways,
but after the kids were already
in college and everything else.
>>REGINA: Right.
So the whole thing
about the pole shift,
were you looking at it from the
point of view of magnetic field
shifts?
>>CARSON: Not the magnetic
field so to speak,
even though that does happen.
It's happening right
now as we speak.
>>REGINA: Right, it is.
So where were you
basically tapping into it?
>>CARSON: I was realizing that
the crust of the earth, it
shifts, and it locks
together at these points.
And then at certain
times, depending
on the gravitational forces,
especially if there's
another gravitational
body in our solar system
or close by our sun, which
I thought was probably
called this nemesis object, in
the Enuma Elish, it's called.
It's a brown dwarf star.
And I discovered
that, in my opinion,
it was really out
there based on some
of the watching of the
procession of the equinoxes
and realizing our sun was
speeding up in procession.
So why would our sun speed up?
That raised a big
question in my mind.
So I started researching
if our sun is speeding up,
it's doing it for
breakaway speed.
And that's when I
came to the conclusion
early on that we must be
orbiting another star,
but how come we can't see it?
So I started researching
that and found out
that there are red
dwarfs and brown dwarfs.
Which now my
theories that I wrote
about all these years have
just now been verified
because the science community--
>>REGINA: The sun
in a binary star--
>>CARSON: We're in a
binary star system.
>>REGINA: Companionship
with another star.
>>CARSON: It's
been verified now.
>>REGINA: Now, OK, so
Walter Cruttenden, you know,
had his conferences for years.
And that was his passion.
>>CARSON: Oh, wow.
>>REGINA: He was an amateur--
but a good one--
astrophysicist.
And that was the hypothesis
he had for many years.
But he actually at one
point went so far--
I don't know where
he is on this now--
so far as to say he felt
that the binary companion
was the star Sirius.
And that's why it kept
coming up in ancient--
particularly Egyptian--
not mythology but history.
>>CARSON: It's possible
it's a trinary.
But the one that I discovered
has now been labeled Biden.
>>REGINA: Biden.
>>CARSON: And it's
just outside--
>>REGINA: No.
Like Joe Biden?
>>CARSON: Yeah, I know.
>>REGINA: Seriously.
OK.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: All right.
Biden.
>>CARSON: Very weird.
>>REGINA: Does he know this?
>>CARSON: I think
he does by now.
They made a whole thing
about it on the news,
and they brought
an astrophysicist.
And he showed the
location of this object.
And he said there's a solar
system in our solar system,
and it's just outside
the orbit of Pluto
but inside the Oort cloud.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>CARSON: And then he says--
it's on my YouTube channel.
He says, this is
where we came from.
That's his exact words.
He said, we're seeing this
is where we came from.
So I was like, wow.
>>REGINA: That gave birth
to this solar system.
That would mean that our
sun was newer theoretically.
>>CARSON: Right.
Possibly.
Or that it was a
captured brown dwarf.
Because that happens a lot.
You have these rogue
planets with rogue suns.
>>REGINA: So let's about
the implication of that.
I mean, I think not all
but a lot of our viewers
have heard of the
procession of the equinox.
We've had lots of guests
on through the years.
But what is the implication
of being in a binary star
system where you're solar,
where your sun is a binary star?
>>CARSON: Well,
the implication is
that you're going to
have at different times
during the solar
cycle where you're
going to have more
gravitational waves coming
through your solar system.
And this is what's
happening now.
So the global warming is
not just an effect of cows
passing gas and
exhaust from your car.
It's also from these
gravitational waves
that are emanating from
this other brown dwarf
as it gets closer to our sun.
Every planet in our
solar system right
now is experiencing global
warming, every single one.
Mars, the ice caps are melting.
Saturn's core is melting.
Scientists said that if we were
there, we'd be dead already.
All the ice caps are
melting everywhere.
Io is having more
geysers than ever.
So this is something
that's happening
from gravitational waves
because energy in--
you know, it's just like the
old saying, E equals mc squared.
Energy is coming in.
It's going to magnify.
It's going to vibrate.
And as those suns and moons
orbit their solar bodies,
they're also going to
expand and contract.
And that's going to
cause more friction.
So now you're multiplying that
with these gravitational waves,
which is going to then
heat up the planet
and cause other calamities and
catastrophes if we were there.
Now, here on Earth, we're
talking about more tornadoes,
bigger and stronger hurricanes,
mudslides, torrential rains.
>>REGINA: Everything
we're seeing.
>>CARSON: Everything
we're seeing right now.
>>REGINA: So if you do
this with your fingers,
you're talking about
in a companion system,
there are points at
which these are going
to come closer to each other.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: So they're going to
be going like an elliptical,
like this.
And as they come closer is when
these waves start affecting.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
And that's what we're
seeing right now.
And Gregg Braden said
it well in the show here
on Gaia where he's talking
about the ice cores.
And when you look
at the ice cores,
you can see different
times when this object
has affected our solar system
and caused these global warming
cycles.
And it's there in the ice cores
that it's happening every 4,200
years or so just as the
astrophysicists said
on the network about
the actual orbit
of this particular object.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
And actually, for me, it was
Gregg Braden back in the early
'90s and reading his--
I think was called "Zero Point,"
that first little kind of glued
together book called
"Zero Point," which
talked about the magnetic
field and the dissipation
of the magnetic field
at this period of time.
That has serious
implications for every life
form on this planet.
So can you talk to that?
Because I don't think
most people understand.
Gregg stopped talking about it.
But you can.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: And it's like this
invisible elephant in the room
that no one talks about.
I think we need
to talk about it.
This affects the way
our brains function.
It affects our immune system.
It affects plants and
trees and animals.
Please tell us what
happens when you
have a reduction in the
magnetic field to lifeforms.
>>CARSON: It affects
your psychotic rhythm.
You're talking about genetically
modifying your DNA in a way.
People don't realize
that magnetic fields flow
in and throughout
your entire body
and interact with your DNA on
a daily basis, 24 hours a day,
seven days a week.
So when it starts to change
and reduce or increase,
then the DNA responds
in different ways.
It can cause different
things like bad replication.
It can cause tumors.
It can cause memory
loss, believe it or not,
because a lot of memories
are stored in DNA.
And it's already been
proven that magnetics
have an effect on stored memory,
which is why we went away
from VHS tapes.
VHS tapes were getting
erased by the magnetic field
of the Earth.
>>REGINA: See, that's the part
that nobody tells you about.
>>CARSON: Right.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: And I find it
absolutely fascinating.
At one point I was told
that because the mind
is very dependent on a
stable magnetic field
that what we would
start seeing--
and I'm not saying
this to scare anybody.
I'm saying, let's just be
aware, do what you can.
You have a wonderful
little device here.
There are things we can do.
That the human
species would start
going through kind of
almost in mass, memory loss,
and then moving towards
something that almost looks
more like insanity of sorts.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
It's almost like, you know,
you see the old movies with
the people walking around like
they're drones or they're--
but what happens is
literally is in our brains
our millions or actually
billions of magnetite crystals.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: And they interact
with the magnetic field.
Now, we've been
kind of disconnected
from really feeling that
sensation because of what
are called our
junk DNA, which was
done about 200,000 years ago.
We'll get into that later.
>>REGINA: Yes, do.
>>CARSON: But what
happens is we still
interact with that
magnetic field
with those magnetite
crystals that
are in our brains on
a consistent basis.
And it gives us
the stabilization.
You know, we used
to be able to use
it to navigate the planet
just like birds and turtles
and everything else.
But it's still a vital
part of the human psyche.
And when you throw that
off, then all of a sudden,
you can have things like
psychosis, bipolarism.
All these different
things come out.
>>REGINA: Which we're
seeing everywhere.
>>CARSON: Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: This is
becoming common.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: You know, and
we look to point fingers
as to where it's coming from.
We look to the obvious things
like, well, it's vaccines,
it's food sources, it's EMFs,
radio frequencies, and so
forth.
But it's actually
something that's
the underpinnings
even beneath that.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
Absolutely.
And this is where you're going
to have-- like, you could have
potentially like a
zombie apocalypse
happening, which is kind of
what you see happening with some
of the psychosis that's going
on on the planet right now.
And a lot of people are
just being given more drugs,
but they're not treating
the real problem.
>>REGINA: So, Billy, I
mean, this is something
that I've been interested in and
concerned about for a long time
because no one knows
it's happening.
And we're all pointing
our fingers at each other,
and I think in the wrong places.
Not that those other things
can't exacerbate the problem.
But let's talk
about what you do do
when you're in a diminished
magnetic atmosphere so we
can protect our
brains, our everything.
>>CARSON: Right.
Well, you know, technologically
we've had to make adjustments
because magnetic north
has moved from true north
down to Russia right now.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: And they've even had
to renumber the airport runways
so that planes can
know where to land.
That's how powerful this is.
But what we can do
as a species is we
need to first dig in
deep to ourselves.
We have to get
into more focused.
We have to be able
to meditate more.
I think meditation
is really key.
Different types of
meditations as well-- there's
different meditations for
different types of things.
There's meditations
for manifestation
of things into your life.
There's meditation to reduce the
amount of input into your mind
and let the cosmic energy
feel you so that you can get
more insight and understanding.
And there's also a meditation
for health as well.
And I think that we need to
focus on more meditations.
I think that's really key.
And it will give us a
stabilization factor
on our bodies.
And as well as the other
thing is eating better.
We're getting poisoned
everywhere we turn.
I mean, it's almost like,
what can I eat anymore?
But we really have to emphasize
and put more focus in on that
and reduce the amount of
poisoning we're taking in.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: Because we're just
compounding the problem.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>CARSON: And I think that's one
of the biggest issues we have--
>>REGINA: I think these
are both really big issues.
But also you have various people
inventing little devices, even
medallions and such that you
can wear that supposedly hold
a stable magnetic field
just immediately surrounding
the body.
Do you know about some of
those and what their true value
may or may not be or--
>>CARSON: Yeah.
Well, there's some EMF
protectors and so forth.
This is like the flower of
life made out of pure silver.
Those things have been proven
like under real experiments
to actually reduce the EMFs.
So yes, it will work.
But you know--
>>REGINA: What about pumping
up the magnetic field,
taking it into a
little higher range,
at least surrounding
your own personal body?
>>CARSON: Well, that's
the thing that--
I use those-- like in the
back of my cell phone,
I have one of those protectors.
Anything I can to reduce
the amount of exposure
that I'm getting.
But one thing that I do is a
lot of people don't realize
is we all have chi energy.
And I actually envision my chi
energy coming out of my body,
out of my head, splitting around
and encasing my entire body.
And I literally walk around
like that for the day.
And when I feel it getting
low, I do it again.
Now, it may sound like
something crazy to some people.
>>REGINA: No, it doesn't at all.
Not to this audience.
>>CARSON: OK.
Yeah.
But I mean, I've only had
eight colds in my entire life.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>CARSON: And I attribute
that to my chi energy,
because when people sneeze
and cough around me,
I feel like it hits my outside
shield, and it bounces off.
And I've coached
children and kids
and been around schools
and everything else,
and everybody's always
sick, but I only
had eight colds
in my entire life.
>>REGINA: So when
did you discover
this, and how long have you
been employing that practice?
>>CARSON: One day
somebody sneezed by me,
and it got on me.
The actual sneeze got
on me, like, the saliva.
And I was like, oh my god.
And at that moment-- this
was about 30 years ago.
It was a very long time ago.
I was a teenager, I think I was.
No, it was just in my 20s.
And I said to myself,
if I can make a force
field around myself to
prevent that from happening,
that would be great.
I just thought it.
And I said, let me just
try it in my own mind.
And I literally tried it,
and I felt like it worked.
I felt something literally
coming out of my head
and working.
So I said, well, I'm just
going to do it from this point
forward.
Now, whether it's working
or not, I don't know.
But I can just tell you
that for me, hardly ever
being sick, coaching
unlimited amounts of games
and being around
so many children.
And you know, they're sneezing
and coughing and bringing
in germs in all the
time, 24/7, traveling
around the entire world.
I've been around the world
twice to all these countries
and everything else and not
getting sick all the time.
I attribute it to that.
I just have to say, that's
probably what it was for me.
That's just what I feel it was.
>>REGINA: Thank you
for sharing that.
OK, so now let's go ahead--
you teased us a little bit ago,
you know?
Junk DNA, which is
just to me such a joke.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: You know?
Oh, you're somehow
born with 95% junk DNA.
Yeah right.
So let's go back
now into the story.
And this takes us back toward,
like you said, a couple hundred
thousand years ago.
Not the beginning,
but ancient enough
times that that's where
our story became corrupted.
And let's start
talking about that.
>>CARSON: Yeah, I really do feel
like the existing hominid that
was on this planet
long before we got here
as Homo sapiens sapiens was
some other type of hominid,
probably our cousins.
And according to a lot
of the ancient text,
around 200,000 years ago, they
began to genetically modify
these existing hominids.
It's been a little bit of
a misleading thing going on
in some of the ancient
community and some
of the truth-seeking
community where
they think that these
Anunnaki, or these Atlanteans
created human beings.
>>REGINA: No.
>>CARSON: That's not accurate.
>>REGINA: That's not accurate.
>>CARSON: We were already here.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: They decided
to genetically modify
and manipulate us
to work for them
and do their bidding basically.
Modern-day biologists
and scientists
have discovered that some
of these modifications
to the human body to
the Homo sapiens sapiens
happened around 200,000 years
ago, ironically the same amount
of time that the Enuma
Elish and The Seven
Tablets of Creation,
the Atra-Hasis
epic, the Epic of Gilgamesh.
All these different
epics that you
read from these ancient
Sumerian tablets,
they start to talk
about this happening
around that time, even the
modification of chromosome
number 2 and the addition
of these telomeres
that basically shrink
on chromosome number 2.
That's all about 200,000
years ago as well.
>>REGINA: Telomeres-- did
they used to not shrink?
>>CARSON: They
used to not shrink.
They would, but at
a very slow pace.
>>REGINA: Instead now they're
shrinking and breaking off
to the extent where
our lifespan is
limited to less than 100 years.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
>>REGINA: That didn't
used to be the case.
>>CARSON: Not the case.
People were living for
thousands of years back then.
It's documented.
And even what happened was
during the Tower of Babel
incident, which is
written about in the Bible
but copied from the
ancient Sumerian tablets,
Enlil, who's known as Yahweh
in the modern-day Bible,
came back and saw
it and realized,
oh my god, human beings can
achieve anything they want.
And it actually says
that in the Bible.
They can achieve anything
they set their minds to.
He said, my seed should
not abide in man forever.
His years will be be 120.
And that's when the genetic
modification occurred.
And that's when I believe that
the chromosome number 2 was
altered, and that reduced
our lifespan time.
>>REGINA: OK, let's
just take a moment here,
because we're going to
go tangential for a sec.
At that statement
and that discovery,
the understanding was that
the human being that already
existed here on this planet had
incredible creative manifesting
capabilities.
>>CARSON: Yes.
Absolutely.
Already just as good
or as qualified as they
were to become a
space-faring race.
He realized it at that
moment, so what did he do?
He destroyed the Tower of Babel.
Now, in the Bible, this
God-- they say it's God,
but it's really this Enlil
character who did it.
It was copied from
the ancient tablets.
He destroyed it, and then he
split the people up, put them
around different
parts of the planet,
and changed the languages--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: --so that they
couldn't communicate
and work together anymore.
Made us enemies of each other,
so brother fighting brother
so that we can't realize
who the true enemy was.
>>REGINA: And this has
gone on since then.
Let me just then kind of
go on another little track
for a moment.
When you look at the Aboriginals
in Australia, for example,
they have not lost that ability
to navigate and communicate
and be part of the cosmos, those
capabilities we all once had.
It seems like they were
exempt from the manipulations.
>>CARSON: Yeah, I talked to
some of the Aboriginal elders.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: And I'm going
to go visit there actually
this winter.
>>REGINA: Oh, tell us about
this because it's giving us
a glimpse of what we once were.
>>CARSON: Oh,
yeah, it's amazing.
I mean, their story is--
they're from the
Pleiadian star cluster.
They were seated
here by Pleiadians.
This is their handed
down verbal history.
They truly believe it.
They have a lot of
extraordinary capabilities,
extrasensory perceptions
that the average person just
doesn't have.
They still have it.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>CARSON: And there's a place
down there called Kariong Nine
in Australia where there's
a partially uncovered
Egyptian temple where
the Egyptians would
go there to visit and
learn from the Aboriginals.
>>REGINA: Because they
hadn't been tampered with.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
That was the main reason why.
They were pure.
And they would sit
with the elders.
They would go for walkabouts.
They would learn
directly from them.
And they would write about
this in this temple, which
is etched into stone.
And then they would
go back to Egypt.
>>REGINA: Do you know of
any other groups of people
around this planet that
were untampered with?
And was that just simply a
matter of location, geography?
>>CARSON: Yeah, I don't know.
>>REGINA: They
didn't show up there?
>>CARSON: It's a hard
place to get to, but--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: Yeah, you know-- but
I don't know of any others.
>>REGINA: I don't either.
>>CARSON: They're
really, really unique.
And the story-- the fact
that they're saying that
they're from the Pleaides--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: --that's amazing
to me and that they
were the first seated
people on this planet.
>>REGINA: Well, the
last show I just did
was with a man named
Jason Quitt, who
started having
dreams and becoming
in contact with a pharaonic
line Egyptian passing
knowledge on that was
said to have originated
from the Pleiades through
Atlantis down into Egypt,
captured in stone in Egypt
for us to resurrect today.
Again this same Pleiadian
introduction of this knowledge.
Actually, I think it
was more to remind us,
help us remember what
we were once capable of.
And this is the part of the
story that just really ticks me
off that we were tampered
with in this way.
So you-- carry on the story now.
>>CARSON: Yeah, we've
basically been mind-wiped.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: There's
a movie that I'm
working on called
"Chronicles of the Anunnaki,"
and the opening scene
is in the Pleiadian star
cluster with a galactic
war between the Lyrans
and the Sirians,
because I really
do believe that there
was a galactic war there
and that what happened was
the refugees from the remnants
of whoever survived left out
of there, went to the Orion,
went to Sirius.
And some might have crash-landed
on this Nibiru planet, which
was talked about in the Enuma
Elish, which was eventually
captured by our solar system
with this brown dwarf star.
And this is why you have ancient
accounts of these Anunnaki
people, or these Atlanteans,
coming from different star
systems.
It's always specific
star systems.
And the Great Pyramid is
aligned with these specific star
systems.
And I believe for a
couple of reasons.
One is because that's
where they came from
and also that the Great Pyramid
was probably a communications
device, and through
those shafts,
through some type of
subspace frequency,
they would be in direct
contact with whoever
was on those planets.
>>REGINA: I do believe that,
that that's at least in part
what they were-- because
they were created by them,
for them essentially.
Right?
They're not for humans, per se.
>>CARSON: No.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Right.
Except perhaps a few
of the unique Pharaohs,
which also have these
bloodlines of star people.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: So the human being
was tampered with then.
Now we're moving
the story forward
into where it becomes
of interest again
and reintroduction into
modern society today.
Why is this happening now?
Why are we remembering?
Why are we waking up?
Why are we beginning to tell
these stories to each other
again?
>>CARSON: Well, you know,
something amazing about DNA,
it has an amazing
storage capacity.
One gram of DNA,
which is enough to put
a tiny drop on the
tip of your finger,
can store 433 petabytes of data.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>CARSON: Absolute
zeros and ones data.
So what happened was this
scientist named George Church,
he actually created an e-book.
And he then downloaded
the e-book to the DNA.
He said this is incredible.
It can take downloads
from a server and upload
back to the server again.
That's when he realized, this
is a digital binary code.
He said, let me replicate the
book as many times as I can.
He replicated it I think 80
million times or 80 billion
times, some ridiculous number.
That's when I said,
this is outrageous.
And I had been talking
about DNA being used
as hard drive for 10 years.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: And now
Microsoft finally did it.
They just came out--
I think about three
or four months ago,
they announced a
DNA storage drive.
>>REGINA: Oh my god.
I didn't know that part.
This is my
understanding too that
when we start considering
reincarnations patterns that it
is tied in through the DNA.
And there is a very
practical reason for that,
to continue coming back into
that familiar DNA pattern.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about of that.
>>CARSON: Yeah, well, see, DNA
not only can be plugged in,
but it's also wireless.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: So the
beautiful thing about it
is the fact that it can send and
receive information wirelessly.
It's already
scientifically proven.
And so as information
comes into the DNA
and it's downloaded into
the DNA, it's stored there.
And as you pass from generation
to generation, some of that
makes it into the
next generation.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>CARSON: And I think that
through the mind wiping
that we went through and through
some genetic modifications,
there was a diminishing of
some of the information.
But it was always locked
in there and stored.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: And now it's
coming back free again.
It's found its way back into
the genome, found its way back
into the core where
we can tap into it.
And a lot of people all over the
world are starting to wake up.
And some of these
ancient remnant memories
are coming back to us.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: Even when people say,
oh, I got an idea to do this
or I got an idea
or an invention,
that stuff was already
just in your DNA,
and you just tapped
into the information
and unlocked it again.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I absolutely-- I love this,
and I absolutely agree with it.
So let's maybe extend
the conversation now
to what happened
that is allowing us
at this point in history.
I mean, because
if you're looking
at the phenomena of these
gravitational waves, right,
you've got the phenomena of the
Earth's own frequency shifting,
the magnetic field dropping.
You've got a lot
going on at one time.
Where in this whole mix
do we little human beings
start, like, suddenly
flowering again?
>>CARSON: I know, right?
>>REGINA: Among the insanity
that's also cropping up.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
Well, you know, it's amazing
because in the Emerald Tablets,
Thoth talks about the fact
that he wrote these tablets
for a new human being being
birthed under a new sun, which
is us in this day and age.
And I think what he was
referring to was the fact
around 2012-- which I knew
was never going to be the end
of the world, just
another phase shift--
our solar system, which
undulates up and down
the galactic equator
every so many tens
of thousands of years, well,
we reached the center of it.
Right now we're still
hovering at the center
of the galactic
equator, which means
the majority of the cosmic
rays of energy coming
from the galactic center
is emanating right into us,
through us, and
all into our DNA,
into our brains, everything.
And the fact that the
magnetic field is diminished,
it's allowing all that
to come in even more.
So now we're absorbing
more of this cosmic energy
directly from the
galactic center
from the supermassive black hole
at the center of our galaxy.
And it's coming into us
and altering our DNA,
reviving us, waking us
up, reconnecting strands,
and letting us realize and
remember who we truly are.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I'm so happy to
have you say this.
Many years ago, I
was in a conversation
with a physicist named Mark
Cummings, who is actually
Russell Targ's son-in-law.
And he was saying, the black
hole, Regina it's a plenum.
It's a plenum.
All the information is pouring
through the black holes.
It's not just
something that sucks
the life out of everything.
So tell us the black holes--
tell us the story of black
holes from that perspective.
>>CARSON: Well, listen,
black holes store everything.
They used to think that when
you went into a black hole,
you would be disintegrated,
and you would just die,
and that was the end of that.
>>REGINA: No.
>>CARSON: Black holes
take information
and store the information
on the event horizon.
And now because of
that, we discovered
that everything in the third
dimension is always stored.
Energy can't be destroyed.
It can only be transformed.
And black holes are
like data portals.
They hold googols of information
on the event horizon.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARSON: And then because of
the irradiation that they emit,
which Stephen Hawking
realized and told
everybody about,
that actually has
these bursts of these
x-rays and radiation
that goes out and
sends that information
back out into the universe as
these different rays, which
interact with our body,
interact with our DNA,
and put information
directly into us.
And that's what a lot of
people don't know about.
>>REGINA: Talk about the
event horizon for those
who don't understand that.
>>CARSON: Well,
the event horizon
is the part of the
black hole right
before you get to the part
where light can't even escape.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: And on that horizon--
>>REGINA: And it becomes
into the visible spectrum,
so to speak, at
the event horizon.
>>CARSON: Yeah,
as it's absorbing
and as it's gravitationally
pulling everything in,
it heats up.
So it lights up.
This is how we can see black
holes because of the event
horizon.
If it wasn't for
that, we wouldn't even
know they existed.
>>REGINA: There
would be no contrast.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
So that gives us
the contrast, and we
go, OK, this is where the
edge of the black hole--
As a matter of fact, stars
that orbit close spin so fast
around it, you know, that they
probably-- if you were there,
you would probably be
experiencing on some type
of a timed dilation.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>CARSON: But this event
horizon, as things cross over,
it takes the information
from whatever the object is
and breaks it down and stores
that information directly
on the horizon, and nothing
really goes down and becomes
this--
to the finite point
and disintegrates.
>>REGINA: Right.
So it's stored there.
So it's this plenum
of information
that can burst forth these waves
of information, so to speak.
And are you saying that this
binary star or even trinary
star system in the
position we're in
at the galactic
center, having them
closer to each other and
these gravitational waves
are what's allowing the
transference of this data
from the black hole
into our beings,
our planet, our species?
>>CARSON: That's exactly
what's happening.
See, as this other
brown dwarf gets closer,
it's bending our magnetic field
and warping in a weird way.
Anybody could look this up
and look at the science data.
The magnetic field is available
online for anybody to look at.
You can see how it's
warped and bent.
And so that diminishing
bending and twisting
of the magnetic field, as
it's getting ready probably
to do some type of a flip, at
the same exact time that we're
at the galactic equator, it's
a great time to be alive.
>>REGINA: I was just
going to say, it is wild.
It's chaotic.
It's scary.
And it's so exciting.
>>CARSON: Yes.
We're like the pioneers
of a whole new wave that's
going to happen, a whole
new type of Homo sapien
that's moving forward into the
future, a whole new evolution
of the species right now.
>>REGINA: I agree with that.
And at the same time, we
notice that so many people
are dropping off, dropping away,
suffering, dying young, going
crazy at the effect where you're
not managing those energies,
where you're not
able to take them in,
in a stabilizing and
healthful manner,
because it's not stable.
None of this is stable.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And so
how, philosophically,
do you look at this?
And would you share how
we might all look at it?
Because so many
can't hang with it.
And others are going to thrive.
And it's just the way it is.
>>CARSON: It's the only part
of evolution that I truly agree
with is what's happening is some
people are able to handle this
massive amount of
information and data input,
and some people aren't.
And nature is weeding out the
weaker ones or the ones that
haven't been able to
grasp it or hold on to it
and are struggling with it.
And the ones that make it
through are the stronger ones.
It's just like mating animals
or genetically modifying plants
to be a stronger
tree or whatever.
It's part of nature.
And stronger people are
making it to the top.
Then they're going to have
babies, and they'll become--
so it's almost like
a new human species
coming out of a human species.
>>REGINA: And I was shown once
upon a time, a few years ago
that in this new human
species that's arriving,
you were talking about
food a little while ago.
And we're looking at
cosmic influences.
And one of the simple
things I was shown
is that part of the reason
our digestive systems are
atrophying is because we're
moving out of the sources,
eating these kind of dense
foods, low frequency foods,
into a vehicle that's much more
efficient, that the body is
going to be living more
on chlorophyll type of--
a liquid diet in the future.
So I say have all the
croissants now you can.
>>CARSON: That's right.
>>REGINA: Because
they're going away.
[LAUGHS]
>>CARSON: I talk a
lot about the fact
that space-faring
civilizations probably
moved towards more of
a plant-based diet.
>>REGINA: That's what I saw.
And liquid and
green in particular.
>>CARSON: It just makes sense.
>>REGINA: Where you're
getting this interaction
with the cosmos and the sun
and the Earth and the herbs
and so forth.
>>CARSON: Right.
It's just logical.
It's just the logical next step.
I mean, even if you look at it
from a technology standpoint,
you can't afford-- in space,
energy is, like, prime.
You can't divert energy
to storing and keeping
meat frozen.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No.
>>CARSON: You can't do it.
It doesn't make
any logical sense.
I mean, even us not being out
there right now in the stars,
we just know that that
doesn't make any sense.
On the Apollo 11, they didn't
have a meat locker, OK?
>>REGINA: Right.
Exactly.
So I mean, in
Michio Kaku's world,
you have these levels of
civilization type one, type
two, type three, and so forth.
And so I think he said,
we're, like, type half.
>>CARSON: Zero.
>>REGINA: Zero.
Moving into one.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: What is
your view on that?
Because you're part of this,
and your kids are part of it.
And a lot of us are part of
this explosion of knowledge
and trying to hang with it and
move forward and thrive in it.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
Well, you know, it's
really an exciting time,
like I was say before.
And analyzing Nikolai
Kardashev's work
in terms of-- he was
an astrophysicist
and a scientist from
Russia who came up
with this Kardashev Scale.
And right now we're kind of
like a type 0.5 civilization
where we're just now starting
to realize, oh, we can't just
take all the resources
out of the planet
and never replenish them.
We can't just destroy
everything around us.
Unfortunately, like, we
have the Amazon burning
now so people can grow
cattle and things like that.
Well, a lot of us
are starting realize
that we can't
continue on this path,
that something has to change.
So we're at that point
where we're realizing,
we're waking up, we're going,
uh-oh, this ain't right.
We've got to figure
something out here.
And eventually there will
be enough conscious souls
on the planet that will be
collectively able to stop
and halt what's going on.
A type one civilization is more
of a planetary civilization,
which is where we're
moving into where
we begin to harness the power
and the energy of the planet.
We live in resonance,
human resonant frequency
with the planet.
We're a green society.
We're not destroying and
just taking all the resources
and destroying the planet.
We're living in complete
resonance with it.
We've found a way to tap
into different energies that
don't destroy the planet.
And this planet can
house 20 billion people
without even a problem.
>>REGINA: I have made this
argument so many times.
And there was a woman who showed
me this one particular graph
that if you were living
in harmony with nature,
you could essentially
put all the people
on a little hectare of
land in the state of Texas,
and you'd be OK.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: I mean, there's
plenty of room for people
if we were intelligent and
living in companionship
with our earth.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
And it takes the fact
of us consciously
making the decision to do it.
That's it.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I agree with that.
And now you're doing your part.
So let's talk about your
space agency a little bit.
And I mean, people--
I think you've already been
on a number of shows at Gaia.
So people can check
out Billy Carson
on a search in the Gaia bar and
find you all over the place.
>>CARSON: Oh yeah.
>>REGINA: But let's talk about
your company, the space agency,
what you're doing, because
you're really starting to look
at bringing forward for real--
we've all heard about the
prototypes for the last 30
years.
But bringing forward
real technologies
such as perpetual motion.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Right?
Tell us what you're up to.
>>CARSON: Yeah, sure.
In 2014, I filed for a company
called First Class Space
Agency in the state of Florida.
Initially my thought was how can
I directly affect human beings
on this planet and help
them by utilizing moneys
from what I thought
was going to be
the future of private space,
which ended up being that.
So I saw that vision again.
>>REGINA: Before Elon Musk?
Yeah.
>>CARSON: Around that time.
He was trying to get
it going, you know.
I think he was running--
just getting out of PayPal
at that time or still getting
started.
But I was like, you
know, I've gotta
find a way to tap into this,
and I can utilize that revenue
to create technologies for
space but that also will benefit
mankind, because the
technologies I have learned
through my research
over the many years
that they always trickle
back down to humanity.
Some of it.
Not all of it.
You know, they keep tucked
away some of the good stuff.
But you know, cell phones
were originally military.
A lot of technologies that
we've done and medicines we've
developed in space, and then
they come back here to Earth.
So I said, if I can
develop generators
that can go to third
world countries
like India and Nigeria
and other places
and give them the capability
of having electricity
and power, that would be great.
And plus it can
be used for space,
and I can get money and
funding for that very easily.
So that's what I did.
I didn't realize how
hard it was going
to be to get the approval from
the attorneys and the NATO
and ESA.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARSON: It a lot
of money and a lot
of years, but I finally
got it all done.
I'm approved with NATO.
I'm registered with the European
Space Agency as a vendor.
I'm registered with
NASA as a vendor.
I'm registered with the
Pentagon and approved.
I can submit proposals
and get contracts.
>>REGINA: Well,
that's persistence.
>>CARSON: A lot.
>>REGINA: Oh my god.
OK.
So let's talk about
hydrogen. Because years ago
I remember when I was doing
an environmental report
in the early '90s,
and I was reporting
on I think it was a BMW
conversion to hydrogen,
and it was functioning.
Squashed.
Went away.
Never heard anything
about it again.
>>CARSON: They have a few
of those that have come out.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CARSON: But now
is really the time.
Everybody is starting to get
away from the fossil fuels
and realizing we've got to make
some changes on this planet.
So now is really the time.
I'm coming at the
right time with this.
And we're working with hydrogen
generators, which are not new.
>>REGINA: Right, but have
you perfected it somehow?
Made it more stable?
>>CARSON: Yeah, there's
a very unique process.
Very unstable.
Not too wasteful, but
not as much power output.
But there's a very
specific technique,
which I can't go into,
obviously, yet because it's
really kind of top secret.
But a form of
electrolysis that we're
using with a different
type of filter that
allows us to get the
hydrogen atom separated
from the oxygen a
lot more efficiently
and pushed over to another
chamber for combustion.
And the only emission is steam.
So it's completely green.
>>REGINA: So this
is something that
could be applied even down to
the automotive industry, not
just the space industry.
>>CARSON: Not just the space.
Anywhere.
>>REGINA: Because that's
kind of been the holy grail,
people waiting for hydrogen.
>>CARSON: Right.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: Because you don't
have to plug into anything.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
And if you're in a
spaceship, you know,
a lot of these
asteroids are loaded
with billions of tons of water.
So if you're out in
deep space and you
want fresh water
and also power, you
can just tap into an existing
asteroid that's already
out there with water,
convert that into power,
and have water as well.
>>REGINA: We're out of time,
and we've just barely wound up.
I can't tell you how much fun
it has been getting to know you,
you know, and what you've
been up to and how you feel
and the whole notion that you're
excited about this crazy period
of time.
I am too.
I don't see our future as dim.
I see it as brightening.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: You
know, we might have
some wobbles to pass through.
Any final thoughts
before we sign off?
>>CARSON: I just
want to tell people
that, you know, no matter what
you're going through in life,
you can always excel.
You can always persevere.
You just have to make
a conscious decision
to do it, put action behind
that, and focus on it,
meditate on it, think
about it, speak it.
Speak it into existence.
And it will happen for you.
>>REGINA: You are the
poster man for that.
>>CARSON: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Thank
you so much, Billy.
Phew.
OK.
So you can go to Billy's site,
4bidden knowledge-- that's
a 4 bidden knowledge.com.
It offers loads of
articles and insights
in the ancient mysteries
and all the other things
we've been talking about here.
You can also check them out
on the search bar on Gaia
on all of the other shows
he's appeared on here.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."